# Hotel-Booking-Analysis
Exploratory Data Analysis (EDA) on Hotel Bookings Dataset
The Hotel Booking dataset consists of data related to Customer Bookings with respect to their preferences, Country of origin, Booked or canceled, Reservation status, Type of Hotel, Mode of booking, Car Parking, Date-Month-Year of Booking, Type of rooms, Accommodation types and so on.
In short, what this dataset does is, it provides deeper insights towards the hotel data and how things go around in hotel management systems ranging from the preference of the customers to the checked-out status.
This Hotel booking data describes two data sets containing hotel demand information. The first hotel is a Resort hotel and the second hotel is a City hotel. Both data sets are structured similarly with 32 variables describing the 40,060 Resort hotel observations and 79,330 City hotel observations. Each observation represents a hotel reservation. Both data sets include bookings scheduled to arrive between July 1st, 2015 and August 31st, 2017, including bookings that actually arrived and bookings that were canceled.
Moreover This dataset contains booking information for City hotels & Resort hotels. It also includes information such as when the booking was made, length of stay, number of adults, children, babies and the types of rooms, meals and much more. 
This hotel dataset can help to answer so many questions like best time of the year to book a hotel room, optimal length of stay in order to get the best daily rates, predicting whether or not a hotel is likely to receive huge amounts of booking requests etc. 
